apps-wc: Self service userAdmin creation (#924)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Added persistence to alertmanager.
- made the [CISO grafana dashboards](https://elastisys.io/compliantkubernetes/ciso-guide/) visible to the end-users
- indices.query.bool.max_clause_count is now configurable.

> - Self service userAdmin creation . Clusterrole and Clusterrolebinding has been added accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Self service: UserAdmin are now allowed to add new user admins. Clusterrole and Clusterrolebinding has been added accordingly.
```

Author: Thanks !! Fixed now :)

- indices.query.bool.max_clause_count is now configurable.
- Patched Falco rules for  `k8s_containers` , `postgres_running_wal_e` & `user_known_contact_k8s_api_server_activities`. Will be removed if upstream Falco Chart accepts these.
- Added the user-permissions available pre-defined alerting roles for opensearch.

> - Self service: UserAdmin are now allowed to add new user admins. Clusterrole and Clusterrolebinding has been added accordingly.

Reviewer 2: Adding people to "user-view" does not really make them admin.
```suggestion
- Self service: User admins are now allowed to add new users to the clusterrole user-view. Clusterrole and Clusterrolebinding has been added accordingly.
```

Author: Fixed.
